avalon
mobile phone how are you how to live with me for
you great news I'm getting married between
almost 32 other
my hemorrhoids are almost 32, let's arrange
bachelor party in vegas
I can not smoke and drink eat salty
I know perfectly well dad you
look awful maybe i'm sitting at home and
don't even think importantly relax
What the hell are you doing here beat
going to marry in vegas do you think
that I will go to move for this
dumbass you are stupid heard
part not himself came up with how much of
just don't panic and I'll go have a drink
damn water you drink damn pill
and start this damn party
You know that lives in this model fifty50
not
fifty here and desserts valerik this and
peter curtis jackson rapper yes yes yes of
jackson fact
there is a model in every guy and that's enough for
all of you that you guys are the best that
I have in life today we come off
like dozens of years
i'm getting married she's your age mate and
I idolize this guy by day and
maybe I went over a bit and want to
I will give you your opinion
toner emits rubber should we
com is not allowed here
this hangover from the years I was not thirty
there was a room drawn